RHIDP-13141: Custom review pages in Orchestrator (#2136)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/extend_orchestrator-in-rhdh/assembly-display-workflow-data-with-custom-review-pages.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

[id="display-workflow-data-with-custom-review-pages_{context}"]
= Display workflow data with custom review pages

:context: display-workflow-data-with-custom-review-pages

[role="_abstract"]

> To meet your approval and validation requirements, configure custom review pages in {product} Orchestrator. Custom review pages help you control data layout and add business rules without modifying workflow definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To meet specific approval and validation requirements, configure custom review pages in {product} Orchestrator. You can use these pages to control data layout and add business rules without modifying your existing workflow definitions.
```
